New structure and design of python SDK examples (#152)
emnify/product-docs: docs/sdks/python/examples.md

# Examples

This guide shows a listing of the main examples to get devices online including subtasks, such as registering a SIM, creating, configuring or deleting a device.

## 1 Example Table

| Task                             | Description   | Link |
|---|---|---|

> | Get your first device online     |   Follow these steps to get your devices online. The example demonstrates complex operations, such as: <ul><li>Device policies</li><li>SIM registration</li><li>Device creation</li><li>SIM assignment</li><li>Error handling</li><li>Device details retrieval</li><li>Device activation or deactivation</li></ul>|  [Source code](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/mass_sim_activation.py)  |

Reviewer: Looking at the description content, it'd be ideal if these were short, to the point, and start with a verb.

For example, this description could be something like:

```suggestion
| [Get your first device online](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/mass_sim_activation.py)     |    Connect an emnify SIM to your device and configure the APN to access the internet. | 
```

Wrote this quickly so feel free to adjust based on the example! If you want me to suggest alternatives for the others as well, let me know.

| [Get your first device online](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/mass_sim_activation.py)     |  Connect an emnify SIM to your device and configure the APN to access the internet. |
| [Initialize the SDK client](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/device_lifecycle_management.py) |  Import dependencies and initialize the SDK using an application token. |
| [Create and activate a device](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/device_lifecycle_management.py)    |  Assign an unassigned SIM, create a new device with defined parameters, and activate it. |
| [Configure a device](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/device_lifecycle_management.py)               |        Retrieve a device's details and adjust its attributes, like the name and tags.       |
| [Configure the operator blacklist](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/device_lifecycle_management.py) |  Add or remove operators from the blacklist.  |
| [Disable a device](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/device_lifecycle_management.py) |  |

> | [Delete a device](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/device_lifecycle_management.py)  |   |

Reviewer: My [original comment](https://github.com/emnify/product-docs/pull/152#discussion_r1294334492) might have gotten buried under the suggestion, but these two need a description ✍🏼

| [Delete device](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/device_lifecycle_management.py#L114)  |   |

> | [Filtering and sorting](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/filtering_and_sorting.py) | Filter or sort lists of devices or SIM cards by passing several parameters.  |

Reviewer: Update: Opened the PR https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/pull/220

> | [Manage device connectivity](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/device_lifecycle_management.py#L143)  | Reset the device's or the network connectivity or check the connectivity status. <br /> [Connectivity troubleshooting](https://www.emnify.com/developer-blog/5-ways-to-detect-and-solve-connectivity-issues#network-events) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Manage device connectivity](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/device_lifecycle_management.py)  | Reset the device or network connectivity and check the connectivity status. |
```

Unless you can think of a better way to weave the troubleshooting link into the description, I'd suggest removing it.
